unlikely things to say when running for
president
silence worms
okay i just need to check my notes i've
got so much money
i'm delighted to announce that my
running mate is
the hologram of kim kardashian's dead
death
thank you once again for electing me
vladimir putin president of the usa
you will not find me confusing
presidents with fast food outlets and
that is why
i have spent such a long time admirer of
jfkfc
as president i'll be legalizing
[Laughter]
marijuana
ladies and gentlemen i want to be your
president not for the fame
not for the power not for the riches
but for the fanny
this week i will speak in four states
angry tired psychotic
medicated
why should black voters trust me well if
you check my college photos i even used
to dress up as you guys back in the day
in light of recent events we've decided
to postpone
all campaign activities it's called
self-care babes look it up
tax havens tax butlins
tax pontins if elected i will
drastically reduce the price of
prosthetic limbs because at the moment
they cost an arm and a leg
[Applause]
i will not be running in 2020.
i will be skipping
i can't deny i did send those explicit
images
but in my defense i had just had my
bleached and i was very pleased
with how it came out
to the people who say that i'm too old
to be president
here's a pound don't tell your mom
yes we can lock her up drain the swamp
hands face space oh my god i can't stop
speaking in threes someone please help
the allegations of voter fraud are
ridiculous my opponent is just jealous
of my popularity with the dead
i'm running for president and what do
you do adviser
what do you do
people say i have alienated too many
people to be elected president
and to those people i say off
[Applause]